# BBCS-P3
## Introduction 
### In shopping websites, it is still common to find situations in which one has queries about a product, and would take quite a while to resolve them with sellers as you need to wait for them to go online. This is especially prominent in clothes shopping, since it is quite common due to clothes essentially being a necessity in the modern world, and the fact that there could be many factors in clothes like material and weaving method, which could be annoying for vendors to have to respond to. Furthermore, considering that communication can be unclear ~~since most aren't trained on communicating with no ambiguity~~, we believe that users asking potentially ambiguous questions when asking vendors could be extremely inefficient from the perspective of time. Lastly, a slight inconvenience some may face is that it could be difficult to find products that suit their needs, if they do not know certain special terms that refer to products with similar purposes to those that they want to buy. These are some issues that we have identified. 
## Idea 
### We feel that, firstly, creating a chatbot to answer queries on products can be helpful to some extent. Additionally, when considering users' previous history in asking questions or others, we can try to predict what their potentially ambiguous questions would mean, which could make it more effective than even asking the owner. It would also be able to serve as a tool that recommends possible products to them, when given such prompts. 
## Method 
### We will be using word vectorization and embedding to process user input, which would then be passed as inputs to a series of transformers, which would generate some text in response to the query. The aforementioned features will ideally be resolved by performing machine learning to the transformers. In addition, we will be introducing a novel element to this, which is a section of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) model that will be fixed and unchangd by backpropagation, storing the past usage history of the user as well as the data of certain target goods. 

